Ura fixes (#244)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/ura_014.txt

	OutputLine(NULL, "退職願\n",
			NULL, "Letter of Resignation\n", Line_WaitForInput);
	OutputLine(NULL, "このたび、私事の不適切な交際にまつわる一連の騒動の責を負って、来る昭和５８年６月６日をもって退職したく、ここにお願い申し上げます。\n",

> 			NULL, "I am writing to ask you to accept responsibility for a series of disturbances related to inappropriate relationships in my personal life and to resign from my position as of June 6, 1983. \n", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Due to a series of disturbances related to inappropriate relationships in my personal life, I am hereby writing to ask that you accept my resignation as of June 6th, 1983. \n", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>前野</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Maeno</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s14/00/vt4bb_maeno1299", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「言っとくがな、それだけの取引現場を見られるのは連中にとって、一番の急所なんだ」",

> 			NULL, "\"This transaction is of utmost importance for them. That goes without saying.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"This transaction is of utmost importance to them. That goes without saying.\"", Line_Normal);
```
